Register fully-qualified process names at compile-time (#6312)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/feature-flags.md

# Feature flags

Feature flags are used to introduce experimental or other opt-in features. They must be specified in the pipeline script.

`nextflow.enable.configProcessNamesValidation`
: :::{deprecated} 25.10.0

>   Use the {ref}`strict syntax <strict-syntax-page>` instead. It will validate process selectors without producing false warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the {ref}`strict syntax <strict-syntax-page>` instead. It validates process selectors without producing false warnings.
```
